1. VS code use emmet to generate a specific code
2. What is cdn? (content delivery network) where the react framework is hosted.
3. Why we use cdn?
4. What is crossorigin in script tag
5. Core React - DONE
6. JSX 
7. ^ and ~ difference in package 
8. npx - excuting a package  npm - install any package
9. babel, parcel
10. There are two types of component in react.
    - Class based old way of writing code:
	- Functional based new way of writing code: Just normal JS function with return some jsx element. 
11. Component composition is nothing but using functional component in other func component.
12. Food Odering App
13. Use prop as argument to share dynamic data in component 
14. For loop use item.map and inside that include the html
15. React hooks : useState()-> to change the data we use this useState, useEffect() -> ,..
15. Whenever a state variables updates, react will re-render the component.
16. Super power of react:
    - Reconciliation Algorithm or React fiber(after react 16 its is known as react fiber): Idenityfying the diff and updating the dom.
	  https://github.com/acdlite/react-fiber-architecture
	- Virtual DOM is basically an object of body or group of tags used in component.
	- Why react is fast? Because react is doing efficient dom manipulation using virtual DOM.
17. Monolithic Architecture: Everything is there in same project.
18. Micro Service Architecture: We have diff services for everything eg.: UI, BE, Database and they talk to each other using context.	
19. UseEffect() -> It takes two arguments which we pass in this 1. Arrow function 2. Dependency value. It will be called after the component renders.
20. CORS -> Our browser blocks us to call api from one origin to another origin. i.e. origin mismatch causes CORS error.
21. Why we need state variables? -> To update the variable dynamically and use it in UI we use state variable otherwise whatever we change is js file won't be seen on UI unless we use useState.
22. When we use useState to change value on UI the particular component re-render and then the specific value is getting updated.
23.     
	
